# Havven

Havven is a decentralised payment network and stablecoin.
It is critical to the system's viability that functionality is phased in over time. The initial release will provide a functional stablecoin and the opportunity to collect significant data on the market response. This will ultimately protect the system and those who back as the network scales.

The initial release of Havven will possess most of the important features of the system.

* A two token system composed of a stablecoin (nomins) and collateral token (havvens).
* Nomins are backed with a pool of value with which it is convertible.
* The funds to stake nomins are provided by the owners of the backing token through the token sale.
* Those staking the system, by owning havvens, are rewarded with fees charged on nomin transactions;

However it purposely omits others:

* The nomin supply is centrally constrained, with only the havven foundation being able to expand it;
* Users cannot issue nomins against their havvens, and therefore fee incentive mechanisms are not yet activated;
* The backing capital cannot be expanded by the market, and so the currency’s ultimate total supply is constrained;

In the version 1.0 system, the nomin contract owner can only expand the supply of nomins if it can provide adequate backing.
Users can buy and sell nomins into the pool for $1 worth of ether. The ether price is
obtained from a trusted oracle. Fees charged on nomins are paid to owners of the havven token
in proportion with the the number of havvens they hold.


## Usage and requirements

Deployment and testing scripts require Python 3.6+, web3.py 4.0.0+, and pysolc 2.1.0+. To install, ensure that python is up to date and run:

```pip3 install -r requirements.txt```

Ensure `BLOCKCHAIN_ADDRESS` in `utils/deployutils.py` is pointing to a running
Ethereum client or `ganache-cli` instance. Then, from the root directory,
deployment is as simple as

```python3 deploy.py```

Similarly, the test suite is run with

```python3 run_tests.py```


## Files

* `deploy.py` the script for deploying Havven contracts to the blockchain.
* `run_tests.py` runs the test suite.
* `utils/deployutils.py` deployment helper functions.
* `utils/testutils.py` testing helper functions.
* `contracts/` contains the smart contracts that will actually be deployed.
* `contracts/Court.sol` the logic for a court of arbitration to enable the balance of malicious contracts to be democratically confiscated.
* `contracts/ERC20Token.sol` an interface for a generic ERC20 token.
* `contracts/ERC20FeeToken.sol` an interface for an ERC20 token that also charges fees on transfers.
* `contracts/EtherNomin.sol` ether-backed nomin contract.
* `contracts/Havven.sol` contains logic for the havven collateral token, including calculations involving entitlements to fees being generated by nomins.
* `contracts/Owned.sol` an interface for a contract with an owner.
* `contracts/SafeDecimalMath.sol` a math library for unsigned fixed point decimal arithmetic, with built-in safety checking.
* `tests/` Test cases.
* `tests/contracts` Contracts used by the test suite.
